





Business Requirement Document for Online Test Management






By:
Nuzha Rukhiya
Jyoti Sharma
Vikash Periwal
Prajwal L
Shubham Patidar
Debapriya Das

Introduction

Online examination project could be a web portal or a mobile application which will be helpful for both prospective employees and employers to conduct different examinations from this site for their hiring process. Online examination portal is implemented in 2 modules student examination module and examination admin module. Admin module will add multiple tests under different colleges so the invigilator could easily offer a variety of questions. Student examination module ought students to register with application and participate in the online test and see their score.
The user is greeted by the configuration page which has relevant details about the platform. This page is mainly intended for corporates seeking our consultancy. After that comes the “Login Page” which has two modules namely the Admin Login and the User Login. Once logged in, the user can take the test and update his details while the admin can create or upload tests and also see the comparative score of everyone taking the test. 

 

Table of Contents

1.	Current Challenges	4
2.	Project Objectives	4
3.	Modules	5
	3.1. Login	
	3.2. Registration	5
	3.3. View Profile	5
	3.4. Employee Self-Appraisal	5
	3.5. Appraiser’s Profile	6
	3.6. Appraiser’s Review	6
	3.7. HR Profile	6
		













Current Challenges			

1.	Paper based manual examination which is time consuming and error prone.

2.	Lack of genuineness and viability of the results.

3.	Lack of clarity and information about the process

4.	No provision for the test taker to know his score.



Project Objectives

1.	One stop platform for all the pre-interview process.

2.	Reduction of the overheads faced by the HR.

3.	Maintain details of the all the people taking the test.

4.	Checking progress report of one’s own test.

5.	Create various reports and graphs for evaluation purpose almost instantly when and where required.








Modules			

Module 1: Login
A simple login module where the students can enter the following details:
•	User ID (To be generated by the “Admin”) 
•	Password (To be generated by the “Admin”)

Module 2: Update Details
After logging into the system, the details mentioned below are required.
•	Name
•	ASL (Age, Sex, Location)
•	Email ID 
•	Stream
•	Degree
•	Current CGPA
•	Class 12th Score
•	Class 10th Score
•	Contact Number
Module 3: Book time slot

The user can book a desired time slot of his choice based on the availability.
Module 4: Examination Screen

The user can take the test in this screen. There will be only one question displayed per screen to enhance the clarity. The user will also be provided with a mark for review option which enables the user to mark a question for further review. The Grid based navigation system gives details about the answered status of all the questions and also allows the user to jump from one question to another directly.

Module 6: Result’s Screen

The admin will have access to all the results while the student can only view his/her own result. 
Module 7: Selfie, Share and Review

The test taker will have to take a selfie and write a review about the overall experience. Sharing of test result and experience on social media is optional.

Major security concerns

1.	The user can ask someone else to take the test on his behalf.
2.	While on app,
•	The user can take screenshots and share the questions.
•	The user can press home key and navigate to some other app
•	The user can open a reference document for cheating
3.	While on web,
•	The user could open a new tab/window and search the answers over internet
•	The user could open a reference document and cheat during the exams






// ADDED TEAM NAME - PROCURED